chore(babel): rename babel-plugin-import-from-lib (#90)
Talend/ui-scripts: babel/plugin-import-from-lib/README.md

# @talend/babel-plugin-import-from-lib

This package is a babel plugin ready to be used with @talend/react-components and @talend/react-containers

> The object is to minimize bundle size by picking only the needed component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal is to minimize bundle size by picking only the needed components.
```

How to use:

    npm i --save-dev @talend/babel-plugin-import-from-lib
    // or
    yarn add -D @talend/babel-plugin-import-from-lib

Then update your `.babelrc` file:
```diff
"plugins": [
+    "@talend/babel-plugin-import-from-lib",
    ...
]
```

## Options

> THe plugin support the `rules` option to assign new rules with the same shape has the rules.json file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin supports the `rules` option to assign new rules with the same shape in the rules.json file:
```

```json
{
    "module-name": {},
    "module-with-lib-folder": {

>         "default": "lib"

Reviewer: slashes are missing?
